is anyone hungry I'm just gonna wait
until we get home where the food isn't
decomposing well our de da I didn't
realize this with a bunch of
sophisticates families can come in all
shapes and sizes that's why I also
feature having some two-legged children
join them roll it
imagine me and our future children
frolicking up a little bit I think he's
getting the hang of it Tommy
no those are mr. McGregor's I swear if
it wasn't for me PETA just leave my
tomatoes alone you have everything else
honestly my kids will be so much better
behaved very easy on him as soon as they
have a baby we're done for maybe we're
better off without them
don't stare at the scenery rushing by
look at a fixed point on horizon and
just lock your eyes onto that I love
this place
what's for lunch there's a magical place
with the righteous radishes the sweetest
corn it's called the farmers market and
if you want an overpriced gift that will
never be used a soul avila scented bath
bombs this sounds a bit dodgy I would
never put you in danger
I promise okay I can't promise we're
gonna go and rob this place you in are
you out we're in
let me go my family's in trouble and I'm
gonna get them back the other rabbits
were taken and the pig in the hedgehogs
and the Badger
what are you even helping me what a dad
does it
Cottontail just discovered sugar
[Music]
[Applause]
I don't think he's a god we know he's
dead but we didn't kill him you'd like
to report a murder or whatever ok the
guy's name is jibraan
Ron Leilani the girls team sexy Leilani
he's running to know kind of so like
she's wearing heels that look actually
amazing
we have to go to the place because we
have nothing to hide so why'd you run
from the scene of the crime
good question officer that's me covering
up my body cam so we just need to find
the guy but police are looking for do
you suggest we actually go out there and
solve a murder
black did you think it was one of those
men only doors all we need is a name and
then we're in the clear
hey man it's been a minute yeah who do
you work for you little
you don't bean bag ball this yeah
if you think on your grandma on that for
a bean bag what these people are
super dangerous and they're really
powerful
their system handmade - Oh
we have imposters oh no and posture that
sucks
everyone unmask you're saying oh sure
nobody else took that mask
I'm gonna give you lovebirds choice
what's behind this door or bacon grease
to the fight
I don't want grease on my bias is it
gonna on me hey hey how you doing
hey how you doing I'm good
you're new here right yes I work the
night shift my name is Department well
it's very nice meeting you Bart what
it's nice to meet you sorry I have to
practice what to say hey how you doing i
watch people and I imitate
if you watch people well I study them
yeah well I guess you have a lot of
people to watch at the hotel
it's me too
we have a dead woman here and I think
Bart knows something about we found your
fingerprints all over the room
this is a fragile boy and you need to
understand that look I know you got
issues but you're hiding something
that's what I really believe barn I
drove home I mean I watch i watch TV a
very smart guy and yet what you're
saying to me doesn't make sense you know
you can tell me anything honey
[Music]
he has kind of an odd way about it but
you know that doesn't mean he did
anything does it oh god oh god oh god
it's okay it's okay it's okay it's okay
Bart what did you do what did you do
what did you do Bart what did you do
[Music]
Michael I've learned you since you were
a child you have a gift
you always have if there's an answer to
the disease we'll find it
[Music]
I should have died years ago
why am I still here if not to fix this
I have a rare blood disease and I'm out
of time
video this could be my last chance
[Music]
you're up to something what is it
that's not exactly label
I want to see you get hurt more than you
already have this would be a cure
at what cost
[Music]
it's happening
I went through time
[Music]
of increased strength and speed
the ability to use echolocation
and then overpowering urge to consume
blood
[Music]
how far are we allowed to go
we'll fix something that's broken
until the remedy
is worse than the disease
Michael Morbius at Ted doing the old
good guy hang up what's up guy Natasha
my sister after all this time what
brings you home
[Applause]
I was trying to do something doing
any more than just a trained killer
you're fooling yourself we're still both
trained killers
[Music]
we have unfinished business
as we
still fits family back together again
you got fat smelly waterway
there's a new Waldo when else
nute enemies
I'm done running for my past
[Music]
the hell is that guy
we are leading the way in the greatest
human advancement of all time
he's unlike anything we've seen before
and he's entirely in our control and
initiate sequence what happened
you got yourself killed
you have been given a second chance I've
developed an army of soldiers like
yourself improve enhance welcome to the
circus
the technology in your veins will make
you faster stronger
and heal you instantly
liking manipulating you set the next
target for elimination
you are my weapon
you made me but you can't control me
forever
[Music]
we'll come for you
looking forward to it
you can't get in cake no chance
oh man oh
you brought your guitar well you asked
me to do you want to play Priss
oh no all right guys we've got Jeremy
camp here all right find me in the river
I mean
[Music]
walked against the water
now I'm waiting if you please
[Applause]
[Music]
if the presses in
you're going to be healed but if I'm not
supposed to be healed
a
[Music]
you chose to walk into the fire with her
that's what love is
[Applause]
at 4:00 call
five million
let's welcome Jeremy Kemp
[Applause]
[Music]